specification/V2/VehicleDismissedV1.md, before:

# VehicleDismissedV2

[![experimental](http://badges.github.io/stability-badges/dist/experimental.svg)](http://github.com/badges/stability-badges)

This message allows the Spot service to inform the AHS that the last mile assignment has been terminated. This is used when the vehicle is no longer able to complete the last mile assignment, for example, if the vehicle has broken down and is unable to expressly quit the last mile assignment.

Note that this will not automatically release a spot that is occupied by a vehicle, which should send a `LeftPlaceV2` message to the Spot service if it is able to do so. If the vehicle is unable to send a `LeftPlaceV2` message, human intervention via the FMS should be used to release the spot.

**Note**: the top-level message should contain the `EquipmentId` which is the EquipmentId of the vehicle that is receiving the dispatching instructions.

## Message attributes
|key |value |format | Description|
|---|:---:|:---:|---|
|`"LastMileId"`| DispatchingId | UUID| A unique ID for this dispatching that will remain the same throught the process of dispatching the truck to the spot and until the truck is released from the Last Mile dispatching process.|

## Example

The following message indicates that the last mile assignment assigned to vehicle `be87fb7e-9eb6-11ed-a8fc-0242ac120002` has been terminated:

```JSON
{
  "Protocol":"Open-Autonomy",
  "Version": 2,
  "Timestamp": "2023-01-24T09:30:10.948Z",
  "EquipmentId": "be87fb7e-9eb6-11ed-a8fc-0242ac120002",
  "VehicleDismissedV2":
  {
    "LastMileId": "a82291f2-f97d-45cf-bb5c-601a1dbd2641"
  }
}
```

Commit message:

updated description for VehicleDismissedV1 message

specification/V2/VehicleDismissedV1.md, after:

# VehicleDismissedV2

[![experimental](http://badges.github.io/stability-badges/dist/experimental.svg)](http://github.com/badges/stability-badges)

This message allows the Spot service to inform the AHS that the last mile assignment has been terminated. This is used when the vehicle is no longer able to complete the last mile assignment, for example, if the vehicle has broken down and is unable to expressly quit the last mile assignment.

Note this will release all reserved and occupied spots and queues of the vehicle in the spot service.

**Note**: the top-level message should contain the `EquipmentId` which is the EquipmentId of the vehicle that is receiving the dispatching instructions.

## Message attributes
|key |value |format | Description|
|---|:---:|:---:|---|
|`"LastMileId"`| DispatchingId | UUID| A unique ID for this dispatching that will remain the same throught the process of dispatching the truck to the spot and until the truck is released from the Last Mile dispatching process.|

## Example

The following message indicates that the last mile assignment assigned to vehicle `be87fb7e-9eb6-11ed-a8fc-0242ac120002` has been terminated:

```JSON
{
  "Protocol":"Open-Autonomy",
  "Version": 2,
  "Timestamp": "2023-01-24T09:30:10.948Z",
  "EquipmentId": "be87fb7e-9eb6-11ed-a8fc-0242ac120002",
  "VehicleDismissedV2":
  {
    "LastMileId": "a82291f2-f97d-45cf-bb5c-601a1dbd2641"
  }
}
```
